#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsii
aws-cdk.assets==1.114.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling==1.114.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common==1.114.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager==1.114.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation==1.114.0
    # via aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch==1.114.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler==1.114.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-codestarnotifications==1.114.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-sns
aws-cdk.aws-ec2==1.114.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets==1.114.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-ecr==1.114.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-efs==1.114.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2==1.114.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk.aws-events==1.114.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
aws-cdk.aws-iam==1.114.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-kms==1.114.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
aws-cdk.aws-logs==1.114.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-route53==1.114.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets==1.114.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
aws-cdk.aws-s3==1.114.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery==1.114.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
aws-cdk.aws-signer==1.114.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-lambda
aws-cdk.aws-sns==1.114.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws-cdk.aws-sqs==1.114.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
aws-cdk.aws-ssm==1.114.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-ec2
aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema==1.114.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
aws-cdk.custom-resources==1.114.0
    # via aws-cdk.aws-route53
aws-cdk.cx-api==1.114.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.core
aws-cdk.region-info==1.114.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.core
aws_cdk.aws_apigatewayv2==1.114.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
aws_cdk.aws_apigatewayv2_integrations==1.114.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aws_cdk.aws_lambda==1.114.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
aws_cdk.aws_lambda_python==1.114.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aws_cdk.core==1.114.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
cattrs==1.6.0
    # via jsii
constructs==3.3.75
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
jsii==1.32.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.region-info
    #   constructs
publication==0.0.3
    # via
    #   aws-cdk.assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-apigatewayv2-integrations
    #   aws-cdk.aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk.aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk.aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk.aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk.aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk.aws-events
    #   aws-cdk.aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk.aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk.aws-lambda-python
    #   aws-cdk.aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk.aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk.aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk.aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk.aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk.aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk.cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk.core
    #   aws-cdk.custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk.cx-api
    #   aws-cdk.region-info
    #   constructs
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via jsii
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
typing-extensions==3.10.0.0
    # via jsii
